head	1.29;
access;
symbols;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


1.29
date	2009.11.25.03.14.36;	author GarryJolleyRogers;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.28;

1.28
date	2009.11.20.02.45.29;	author LeeBelbin;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.27;

1.27
date	2007.03.06.17.30.00;	author TWikiGuest;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.26;

1.26
date	2004.06.10.06.32.43;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.25;

1.25
date	2004.06.04.09.37.38;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.24;

1.24
date	2004.06.01.08.50.28;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.23;

1.23
date	2004.05.28.15.01.28;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.22;

1.22
date	2004.05.27.08.18.00;	author TrevorPaterson;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.21;

1.21
date	2004.05.25.06.31.00;	author DaveThau;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.20;

1.20
date	2004.05.24.13.06.00;	author JacobAsiedu;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.19;

1.19
date	2004.05.20.19.58.00;	author BobMorris;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.18;

1.18
date	2004.05.19.13.10.00;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.17;

1.17
date	2004.05.12.02.04.27;	author BobMorris;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.16;

1.16
date	2004.05.11.12.49.24;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.15;

1.15
date	2004.05.10.11.56.00;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.14;

1.14
date	2004.04.30.17.56.29;	author BobMorris;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.13;

1.13
date	2004.04.26.17.47.54;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.12;

1.12
date	2004.04.24.14.55.23;	author BobMorris;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.11;

1.11
date	2004.04.23.16.52.22;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.10;

1.10
date	2004.04.23.11.31.04;	author BobMorris;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.9;

1.9
date	2004.04.21.19.37.04;	author BobMorris;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.8;

1.8
date	2004.04.21.14.56.00;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.7;

1.7
date	2004.04.21.09.47.11;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.6;

1.6
date	2004.04.21.08.20.22;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.5;

1.5
date	2004.04.19.16.19.00;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.4;

1.4
date	2004.04.02.12.48.54;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.3;

1.3
date	2004.03.25.12.30.01;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.2;

1.2
date	2004.03.25.11.14.27;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.1;

1.1
date	2004.03.24.10.30.36;	author GregorHagedorn;	state Exp;
branches;
next	;


desc
@none
@


1.29
log
@none
@
text
@%META:TOPICINFO{author="GarryJolleyRogers" date="1259118876" format="1.1" version="1.29"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! %TOPIC%

On 17./18th May 2004 we had a review meeting in Berlin. Some presentations from Meeting are attached at the end!

The topics we managed to discuss together with some discussion notes can be seen in the <a href="2004Berlin-SDD-Minutes_09.html">Minutes of the 2 day meeting in Berlin, Germany, 17-18. May 2004 (preliminary version, comments/additions requested!)</a>. Go to earlier versions of this to see (e.g. revision 1.25) of this to see the planned Agenda.

-- Gregor Hagedorn - 10 Jun 2004 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="SDD09-GBIF-Berlin.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1084190517" path="C:\Data\Desktop\SDD Berlin\SDD09-GBIF-Berlin.pdf" size="46520" user="GregorHagedorn" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Visitorstravelreimbursementform2004.xlt" attr="" comment="Please send printed/signed directly to GBIF" date="1084972201" path="C:\Data\Desktop\Visitors travel reimbursement form 2004.xlt" size="25600" user="GregorHagedorn" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="SDDInfrastructure.ppt" attr="" comment="Morris slides on Infrastructure" date="1085082998" path="F:\SDD\Berlin\SDD Infrastructure.ppt" size="67584" user="BobMorris" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="ImplementationExperiences.zip" attr="" comment="Implementation Experience" date="1085403722" path="C:\ImplementationExperiences.zip" size="193928" user="JacobAsiedu" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OWL_and_SDD.ppt" attr="" comment="Dave Thau's talk on SDD and OWL" date="1085466460" path="C:\Documents and Settings\dave thau\My Documents\seek\presentations\berlin\OWL_and_SDD.ppt" size="137216" user="DaveThau" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="BerlinTDWG.ppt" attr="" comment="Trevors slides on Prometheus Description Methodolo" date="1085645789" path="C:\Documents and Settings\cs175\Desktop\forBerlin\BerlinTDWG.ppt" size="1238016" user="TrevorPaterson" version="1.1"}%
@


1.28
log
@none
@
text
@d1 2
a2 2
%META:TOPICINFO{author="LeeBelbin" date="1258685129" format="1.1" reprev="1.28" version="1.28"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="BDI.SDD"}%
d7 1
a7 1
The topics we managed to discuss together with some discussion notes can be seen in the <a href="2004Berlin-BDI.SDD-Minutes_09.html">Minutes of the 2 day meeting in Berlin, Germany, 17-18. May 2004 (preliminary version, comments/additions requested!)</a>. Go to earlier versions of this to see (e.g. revision 1.25) of this to see the planned Agenda.
@


1.27
log
@Added topic name via script
@
text
@d1 2
a4 2
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1086849163" format="1.0" version="1.26"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
d7 1
a7 1
The topics we managed to discuss together with some discussion notes can be seen in the <a href="2004Berlin-SDD-Minutes_09.html">Minutes of the 2 day meeting in Berlin, Germany, 17-18. May 2004 (preliminary version, comments/additions requested!)</a>. Go to earlier versions of this to see (e.g. revision 1.25) of this to see the planned Agenda.
@


1.26
log
@none
@
text
@d1 2
@


1.25
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1086341857" format="1.0" version="1.25"}%
d5 1
a5 1
<h3>Overarching issues applicable to several TDWG standards (Monday morning)</h3>
d7 2
a8 42
<h3>Presentation</h3>
	* Main.BobMorris: Introduction to the SDD schema. Overview and infrastructure issues. 60 min talk.
<h3>Topics</h3>
	* OverarchingPatternsForTdwgSchemata: Can the SDD infrastructure design be modified so that it can be reused across several GBIF / TDWG biodiversity standards? What new needs will the developing <nop>TaxonName standard have? (Note that 0.9 and 0.91 beta are considerably different in all overarching/infrastructure aspects due to the start of discussions between SDD/ABCD!)<br/>
	[prepared by: [[Main.WalterBerendsohn][Walter Berendsohn]]]
	* DerivationHistory for data passing through multiple providers or portals in online situation (so far SDD 0.9 only had <nop>GenerationMetadata which were assumed not persistent in interoperability scenarios)<br/>
	[prepared by: [[Main.GregorHagedorn][Gregor Hagedorn]]]
	* ProjectDefinition (envelope metadata for entire content). Are the metadata sufficient to allow tools to find relevant SDD data sets on the web? What central registration processes are required to allow tools to locate relevant SDD data sets?<br/>
	[prepared by: Main.BobMorris]
	* ProxyDataModel: proxy-definitions = "SDD.ResourceConnectors" to provide links to external objects (tax. names, specimens, publications, agents, media resources). Specifically: how can the current proposal work through UDDI/webservice-wsdl definitions?<br/>
	[prepared by: [[Main.GregorHagedorn][Gregor Hagedorn]]]

<h3>Federated usage scenarios</h3>
	* Federation through GBIF: Scenarios where multiple projects are accessible using the SDD schema. Does it work?<br/>
	[prepared by: N.N]
	* FederationOfTerminology: Multiple projects sharing parts of the terminology defined elsewhere ... See also the AuthoritativeTerminology discussion.<br/>
	[prepared by: Main.BryanHeidorn, Main.BobMorris]
	* ResolvedTopicIsDiGIRadequateForSDD<br/>
	[prepared by: Main.BobMorris]

---

<h3>Presentations/talks (probably Tuesday morning)</h3>
	* [[Main.TrevorPaterson][Trevor Paterson]]: Introduction to [[Main.PrometheusII][Prometheus II]]. 20 min talk, 20 minutes discussion.
	* Main.JacobAsiedu: [[SDD.UMASSBostonElectronicFieldGuideProjectSDDExport][Implementation Experience]]. 15 minute talk, 15 minute discussion.
	* ... further presentations are welcome!

<h3>Review of contentious issues of the descriptive core of SDD</h3>
	* Ontology discussion: expression of basic ontological knowledge separated from operational terminology (as in SDD) vs. ontologically based coding of data (Prometheus II). Comparison of  schema Prometheus II and SDD.Glossary.<br/>
	[prepared by: Main.DaveThau]
	* I believe <nop>ConceptTrees do not work for the case of generalizing structures (homologous like petals and sepals and bracts are a kind of leaf and heterologous like leaf and phylloclade are a kind of leaf-like structure separate!) Do we need a tree on the tree?<br/>
	[prepared by: N.N]
	* Should <nop>StatisticalMeasures form reusable sets in the concept tree, similar to categorical states?<br/>
	[prepared by: N.N]
	* Should reusable state sets be inheritable in the concept tree rather than being explicitly associated through the current contract mechanism (= <nop>CharacterDefType/Categorical/<nop>AutoAddStates)? Should the modifiers be treated analogous?<br/>
	[prepared by: N.N]
	* Can Character type (both in terminology and applied in descriptions) be made more extensible? Should we use polymorphism for characters? Extensions of character concept to color, molecular patterns, etc.?<br/>
	[prepared by: N.N]
	* Related to above: do we need a <nop>MeasurementScale (nominal, ordinal, cardinal, interval, ratio) as generalization for analysis (<nop>CharacterDefType/Type)?<br/>
	[prepared by: N.N]
	* RepeatedObservations: Separately for individual objects (= specimen) and parts of objects? Marking outliers?<br/>
	[prepared by: N.N]
@


1.24
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1086079828" format="1.0" version="1.24"}%
d3 1
a3 11
Presentations at Meeting

 * [[%ATTACHURL%/SDDInfrastructure.ppt][SDDInfrastructure.ppt]]: Morris slides on Infrastructure

 * [[%ATTACHURL%/OWL_and_SDD.ppt][OWL_and_SDD.ppt]]: Dave Thau's talk on SDD and OWL

---

On 17./18th May 2004 we will have a review meeting in Berlin. The following is a draft agenda. You may <strong>add or annotate it</strong>. Also please <strong>pick one or several topics</strong> which you intend to prepare for the meeting by adding your name in brackets after it. Please use the Wiki-words at the start to start off a discussion. Multiple participants can pick the same topic. If you think another topic is more urgent, please simply add it to the agenda. Before the meeting, we will delete all topics nobody has found time to prepare for...

Click to download the final version of the [[%ATTACHURL%/SDD09-GBIF-Berlin.pdf][Berlin meeting circular]]! 
d12 1
a12 1
	* TransformationHistory for data passing through multiple providers or portals in online situation (so far SDD 0.9 only had <nop>GenerationMetadata which were assumed not persistent in interoperability scenarios)<br/>
d16 1
a16 1
	* ExternalObjects: proxy-definitions = "SDD.ResourceConnectors" to provide links to external objects (tax. names, specimens, publications, agents, media resources). Specifically: how can the current proposal work through UDDI/webservice-wsdl definitions?<br/>
d20 1
a20 1
	* FederationThroughGBIF: Scenarios where multiple projects are accessible using the SDD schema. Does it work?<br/>
d35 1
a35 1
	* OntologyDiscussion: expression of basic ontological knowledge separated from operational terminology (as in SDD) vs. ontologically based coding of data (Prometheus II). Comparison of  schema Prometheus II and SDD.Glossary.<br/>
d37 1
a37 1
	* I believe ConceptTrees do not work for the case of generalizing structures (homologous like petals and sepals and bracts are a kind of leaf and heterologous like leaf and phylloclade are a kind of leaf-like structure separate!) Do we need a tree on the tree?<br/>
d39 1
a39 1
	* Should StatisticalMeasures form reusable sets in the concept tree, similar to categorical states?<br/>
d43 1
a43 1
	* Can CharacterType (both in terminology and applied in descriptions) be made more extensible? Should we use polymorphism for characters? Extensions of character concept to color, molecular patterns, etc.?<br/>
d45 1
a45 1
	* Related to above: do we need a MeasurementScale (nominal, ordinal, cardinal, interval, ratio) as generalization for analysis (<nop>CharacterDefType/Type)?<br/>
a48 10

The beta 11, which should be the basis of the discussion is available together with a discussion of changes and questions: SchemaChangeLog091EarlyBetaVersions. Please download it. Please do read through the list of changes, perhaps check the places in the schema whether you see any issues there. Also, a list of proposals (not yet enacted) and discussion topics is presented in that topic. Some may be valuable topics in addition to those listed above!

-- Gregor Hagedorn - 11 May 2004
	* [[%ATTACHURL%/SDDInfrastructure.ppt][SDDInfrastructure.ppt]]: Morris slides on Infrastructure
	* [[%ATTACHURL%/ImplementationExperiences.zip][ImplementationExperiences.zip]]: Jacob's presentation on implementation experiences
	* [[%ATTACHURL%/OWL_and_SDD.ppt][OWL_and_SDD.ppt]]: Dave Thau's talk on SDD and OWL

	* [[%ATTACHURL%/BerlinTDWG.ppt][BerlinTDWG.ppt]]: Trevor's slides on Prometheus Description Methodolo

@


1.23
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1085756488" format="1.0" version="1.23"}%
d24 1
a24 1
	* ProjectDefinitionReview (envelope metadata for entire content). Are the metadata sufficient to allow tools to find relevant SDD data sets on the web? What central registration processes are required to allow tools to locate relevant SDD data sets?<br/>
@


1.22
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="TrevorPaterson" date="1085645880" format="1.0" version="1.22"}%
d34 1
a34 1
	* IsDiGIRadequateForSDD<br/>
@


1.21
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="DaveThau" date="1085466660" format="1.0" version="1.21"}%
d67 2
d74 1
@


1.20
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="JacobAsiedu" date="1085403960" format="1.0" version="1.20"}%
d7 2
d65 1
d71 1
@


1.19
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="BobMorris" date="1085083080" format="1.0" version="1.19"}%
d62 1
d67 1
@


1.18
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1084972200" format="1.0" version="1.18"}%
d3 6
d61 2
d65 1
@


1.17
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="BobMorris" date="1084327467" format="1.0" version="1.17"}%
d52 1
a52 1
Notes: At the moment the version SDD 0.91 with quite a number of changes is not fully documented. The beta 11, which should be the basis of the discussion is available together with a discussion of changes and questions: SchemaChangeLog091EarlyBetaVersions. Please download it, everybody participating at the meeting should have had a look at it! Please do read through the list of changes, perhaps check the places in the schema whether you see any issues there. Also, a list of proposals (not yet enacted) and discussion topics is presented in that topic. Some may be valuable topics in addition to those listed above!
d56 1
@


1.16
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1084279764" format="1.0" version="1.16"}%
d33 1
@


1.15
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1084190160" format="1.0" version="1.15"}%
d3 1
a3 1
On 17./18th May 2004 we will have a review meeting in Berlin. The following is a draft agenda. You may <strong>add or annotate it</strong>. Also you are asked to <strong>pick one or several topics</strong> which you intend to prepare for the meeting by adding your name in brackets after it. Please use the Wiki-words at the start to start off a discussion. Multiple participants can pick the same topic. If you think another topic is more urgent, please simply add it to the agenda. Before the meeting, we will delete all topics nobody has found time to prepare for...
d5 1
a5 1
Click to download the final version of the [[%ATTACHURL%/SDD09-GBIF-Berlin.pdf][meeting circular]]! 
d51 1
a51 1
Notes: At the moment the version SDD 0.91 with quite a number of changes is not fully documented. The beta 10, which should be the basis of the discussion is available together with a discussion of changes and questions: SchemaChangeLog091EarlyBetaVersions. Please download it, everybody participating at the meeting should have had a look at it! Please do read through the list of changes, perhaps check the places in the schema whether you see any issues there. Also, a list of proposals (not yet enacted) and discussion topics is presented in that topic. Some may be valuable topics in addition to those listed above!
d53 1
a53 1
-- Gregor Hagedorn - 10 May 2004
@


1.14
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="BobMorris" date="1083347789" format="1.0" version="1.14"}%
d5 2
d46 1
a46 1
	* Related to above: do we need a MeasurementScale (nominal, ordinal, cardinal, interval, ratio) as generalization for analyis (<nop>CharacterDefType/Type)?<br/>
d51 1
a51 1
Notes: At the moment the version 0.91 with quite a number of changes is not fully documented. Please inform me if you have no access to xml-spy or an equivalent schema browser that does show the comments and need a full documentation! A beta change log and the schema attached is available: SchemaChangeLog091EarlyBetaVersions. Please do read through the list of changes, perhaps check the places in the schema whether you see any issues there. Also, a list of proposals (not yet enacted) and discussion topics is presented in that topic. These may be topics in addition to those listed above!
d53 2
a54 1
-- Gregor Hagedorn - 21 Apr 2004
@


1.13
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1083001673" format="1.0" version="1.13"}%
d35 1
a35 1
	[prepared by: N.N]
@


1.12
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="BobMorris" date="1082818523" format="1.0" version="1.12"}%
d23 1
a23 1
	[prepared by: Main.BobMorris]
@


1.11
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1082739142" format="1.0" version="1.11"}%
d24 2
d51 1
a51 2
-- Gregor Hagedorn - 21 Apr 2004

@


1.10
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="BobMorris" date="1082719864" format="1.0" version="1.10"}%
d6 4
d11 1
a11 1
	[prepared by: W. Berendsohn]
d13 1
a13 1
	[prepared by: G. Hagedorn]
d17 1
a17 1
	[prepared by: N.N]
d47 1
a47 1
Notes: At the moment the version 0.91 with quite a number of changes is not fully documented. Please inform me if you have no access to xml-spy or an equivalent schema browser that does show the comments and need a full documentation! A beta change log and the schema attached is available: SchemaChangeLog091EarlyBetaVersions 
d49 2
a50 1
-- Gregor Hagedorn - 21 Apr 2004
@


1.9
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="BobMorris" date="1082576224" format="1.0" version="1.9"}%
d11 1
a11 1
	[prepared by: N.N]
@


1.8
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1082559360" format="1.0" version="1.8"}%
d19 1
a19 1
	[prepared by: N.N]
@


1.7
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1082540830" format="1.0" version="1.7"}%
d3 1
a3 1
On 17./18th May 2004 we will have a review meeting in Berlin. The following is a draft agenda, <strong>please add to it or annotate it</strong>:
d6 8
a13 4
	* OverarchingPatternsForTdwgSchemata: Can the SDD infrastructure design be modified so that it can be reused across several GBIF / TDWG biodiversity standards? What new needs will the developing <nop>TaxonName standard have? (Note that 0.9 and 0.91 beta are considerably different in all overarching/infrastructure aspects due to the start of discussions between SDD/ABCD!) 
	* TransformationHistory for data passing through multiple providers or portals in online situation (so far SDD 0.9 only had <nop>GenerationMetadata which were assumed not persistent in interoperability scenarios)
	* ProjectDefinitionReview (envelope metadata for entire content). Are the metadata sufficient to allow tools to find relevant SDD data sets on the web? What central registration processes are required to allow tools to locate relevant SDD data sets?
	* ExternalObjects: proxy-definitions = "SDD.ResourceConnectors" to provide links to external objects (tax. names, specimens, publications, agents, media resources). Specifically: how can the current proposal work through UDDI/webservice-wsdl definitions?
d16 4
a19 2
	* FederationThroughGBIF: Scenarios where multiple projects are accessible using the SDD schema. Does it work?
	* FederationOfTerminology: Multiple projects sharing parts of the terminology defined elsewhere ... See also the AuthoritativeTerminology discussion.
d23 2
a24 2
<h3>Presentations/talks</h3>
	* Trevor Paterson: Introduction to Prometheus II. 20 min talk, 20 minutes discussion.
d28 14
a41 7
	* OntologyDiscussion: expression of basic ontological knowledge separated from operational terminology (as in SDD) vs. ontologically based coding of data (Prometheus II). Comparison of  schema Prometheus II and SDD.Glossary.
	* I believe ConceptTrees do not work for the case of generalizing structures (homologous like petals and sepals and bracts are a kind of leaf and heterologous like leaf and phylloclade are a kind of leaf-like structure separate!) Do we need a tree on the tree?
	* DataScale (nominal, ordinal, cardinal, interval, ratio) as generalization for analyis (<nop>CharacterDefType/Type)? 
	* Should StatisticalMeasures form reusable sets in the concept tree, similar to categorical states?
	* Should reusable state sets be inheritable in the concept tree rather than being explicitly associated through the current contract mechanism (= <nop>CharacterDefType/Categorical/<nop>AutoAddStates)? Should the modifiers be treated analogous?
	* Can CharacterType (both in terminology and applied in descriptions) be made more extensible? Should we use polymorphism for characters? Extensions of character concept to color, molecular patterns, etc.?
	* RepeatedObservations: Separately for individual objects (= specimen) and parts of objects? Marking outliers?
d45 1
a45 3
To register for a topic simply click on the question mark and put a note into the newly created topic.

-- Gregor Hagedorn - 19 Apr 2004
@


1.6
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1082535621" format="1.0" version="1.6"}%
d25 1
a25 1
	* Should StatisticalMeasures form reusable sets in the concept tree, similar to 
@


1.5
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1082391540" format="1.0" version="1.5"}%
d3 1
a3 1
On 17./18th we will have a review meeting in Berlin. The following is a draft agenda, <strong>please add to it or annotate it</strong>:
@


1.4
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1080910134" format="1.0" version="1.4"}%
d6 1
a6 1
	* OverarchingPatternsForTdwgSchemata: Can the SDD infrastructure design be modified so that it can be reused across several GBIF / TDWG biodiversity standards? What new needs will the developing <nop>TaxonName standard have? (Note that 0.9 and 0.91 beta are considerably different in all overarching/infrastructure aspects!) 
d11 6
a29 4
<h3>Federated usage scenarios</h3>
	* FederationThroughGBIF: Scenarios where multiple projects are accessible using the SDD schema. Does it work?
	* FederationOfTerminology: Multiple projects sharing parts of the terminology defined elsewhere ... See also the AuthoritativeTerminology discussion.

d34 1
a34 1
-- Gregor Hagedorn - 24 Mar 2004
@


1.3
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1080217801" format="1.0" version="1.3"}%
d26 1
a26 1
	* FederationOfTerminology: Multiple projects sharing parts of the terminology defined elsewhere ...
@


1.2
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1080213267" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
d5 2
a6 2
<h3>Overarching issues applicable to several TDWG standards</h3>
	* OverarchingPatternsForTdwgSchemata: Can the SDD infrastructure design be modified so that it can be reused across several GBIF / TDWG biodiversity standards? (Note that 0.9 and 0.91 beta are considerably different in all overarching/infrastructure aspects!) 
d11 4
d28 1
a28 1
Notes: At the moment the version 0.91 with quite a number of changes is not fully documented. Please inform me if you have no access to xml-spy or an equivalent schema browser that does show the comments and need a full documentation!
d32 1
a32 2
-- Gregor Hagedorn - 24 Mar 2004

@


1.1
log
@none
@
text
@d1 1
a1 1
%META:TOPICINFO{author="GregorHagedorn" date="1080124236" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
d6 4
a9 4
	* Can the SDD infrastructure design be modified so that it can be reused across several GBIF / TDWG biodiversity standards?
	* Transformation history for data passing through multiple providers or portals in online situation (so far SDD 0.9 only had <nop>GenerationMetadata which were assumed not persistent in interoperability scenarios)
	* <nop>ProjectDefinition (Envelope metadata for entire content). Are the metadata sufficient to allow tools to find relevant SDD data sets on the web? What central registration processes are required to allow tools to locate relevant SDD data sets?
	* Proxy-definitions = "SDD.ResourceConnectors" to provide links to external objects (tax. names, specimens, publications, agents, media resources). Specifically: how can the current proposal work through UDDI/webservice-wsdl definitions?
d12 4
a15 3
	* Ontology as knowledge vs. ontologically based coding of data. Comparison of Prometheus II schema and SDD.Glossary
	* Data scale (nominal, ordinal, cardinal, interval, ratio) as generalization for analyis (<nop>CharacterDefType/Type)? 
	* Should Statistical measures form reusable sets in the concept tree, similar to 
d17 2
a18 2
	* Can "Character" (both in terminology and applied in descriptions) be made more extensible? Should we use polymorphism for characters? Extensions of character concept to color, molecular patterns, etc.?
	* Repeated Observations: Separately for individual objects (= specimen) and parts of objects? Marking outliers?
d21 2
a22 2
	* GBIF and scenarios where multiple projects are accessible using the SDD schema. Does it work?
	* Multiple projects sharing parts of the terminology defined elsewhere …
d24 6
a29 1
-- Gregor Hagedorn - 24 Mar 2004
@
